regGlobErrorCode	regGlobErrorCode
reg_asym_qwk_mdoddbars	reg_asym_qwk_mdoddbars
reg_asym_qwk_mdevenbars	reg_asym_qwk_mdevenbars
reg_asym_qwk_mdallbars	reg_asym_qwk_mdallbars
reg_asym_qwk_md1barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md1barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md2barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md2barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md3barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md3barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md4barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md4barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md5barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md5barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md6barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md6barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md7barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md7barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md8barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md8barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md9barsum	reg_asym_qwk_md9barsum
reg_asym_qwk_md1neg	reg_asym_qwk_md1neg
reg_asym_qwk_md2neg	reg_asym_qwk_md2neg
reg_asym_qwk_md3neg	reg_asym_qwk_md3neg
reg_asym_qwk_md4neg	reg_asym_qwk_md4neg
reg_asym_qwk_md5neg	reg_asym_qwk_md5neg
reg_asym_qwk_md6neg	reg_asym_qwk_md6neg
reg_asym_qwk_md7neg	reg_asym_qwk_md7neg
reg_asym_qwk_md8neg	reg_asym_qwk_md8neg
reg_asym_qwk_md9neg	reg_asym_qwk_md9neg
reg_asym_qwk_md1pos	reg_asym_qwk_md1pos
reg_asym_qwk_md2pos	reg_asym_qwk_md2pos
reg_asym_qwk_md3pos	reg_asym_qwk_md3pos
reg_asym_qwk_md4pos	reg_asym_qwk_md4pos
reg_asym_qwk_md5pos	reg_asym_qwk_md5pos
reg_asym_qwk_md6pos	reg_asym_qwk_md6pos
reg_asym_qwk_md7pos	reg_asym_qwk_md7pos
reg_asym_qwk_md8pos	reg_asym_qwk_md8pos
reg_asym_qwk_md9pos	reg_asym_qwk_md9pos
reg_asym_qwk_pmtonl	reg_asym_qwk_pmtonl
reg_asym_qwk_pmtltg	reg_asym_qwk_pmtltg
reg_asym_dslumi_sum	reg_asym_dslumi_sum
reg_asym_dslumi_odd	reg_asym_dslumi_odd
reg_asym_dslumi_even	reg_asym_dslumi_even
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi1	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi1
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi2	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi2
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi3	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi3
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi4	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi4
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi5	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi5
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi6	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi6
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi7	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi7
reg_asym_qwk_dslumi8	reg_asym_qwk_dslumi8
reg_asym_uslumi_sum	reg_asym_uslumi_sum
reg_asym_uslumi1_sum	reg_asym_uslumi1_sum
reg_asym_uslumi3_sum	reg_asym_uslumi3_sum
reg_asym_uslumi5_sum	reg_asym_uslumi5_sum
reg_asym_uslumi7_sum	reg_asym_uslumi7_sum
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi1neg	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi1neg
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi3neg	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi3neg
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi5neg	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi5neg
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi7neg	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi7neg
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi1pos	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi1pos
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi3pos	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi3pos
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi5pos	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi5pos
reg_asym_qwk_uslumi7pos	reg_asym_qwk_uslumi7pos
reg_asym_md15dipole     reg_asym_md15dipole
reg_asym_md26dipole     reg_asym_md26dipole
reg_asym_md37dipole     reg_asym_md37dipole
reg_asym_md48dipole     reg_asym_md48dipole
reg_asym_mddipole_h     reg_asym_mddipole_h
reg_asym_mddipole_v     reg_asym_mddipole_v
reg_asym_mdallbarsavg   reg_asym_mdallbarsavg
reg_asym_mdallpmtavg    reg_asym_mdallpmtavg
reg_asym_dslumi_pmtavg  reg_asym_dslumi_pmtavg
reg_asym_md1pmtavg      reg_asym_md1pmtavg
reg_asym_md2pmtavg      reg_asym_md2pmtavg
reg_asym_md3pmtavg      reg_asym_md3pmtavg
reg_asym_md4pmtavg      reg_asym_md4pmtavg
reg_asym_md5pmtavg      reg_asym_md5pmtavg
reg_asym_md6pmtavg      reg_asym_md6pmtavg
reg_asym_md7pmtavg      reg_asym_md7pmtavg
reg_asym_md8pmtavg      reg_asym_md8pmtavg
reg_asym_md9pmtavg      reg_asym_md9pmtavg
reg_asym_dslumi15_dipole reg_asym_dslumi15_dipole
reg_asym_dslumi26_dipole reg_asym_dslumi26_dipole
reg_asym_dslumi37_dipole reg_asym_dslumi37_dipole
reg_asym_dslumi48_dipole reg_asym_dslumi48_dipole
reg_asym_dslumidipole_h  reg_asym_dslumidipole_h
reg_asym_dslumidipole_v  reg_asym_dslumidipole_v
reg_asym_uslumi_pmtavg   reg_asym_uslumi_pmtavg
reg_asym_uslumi_detavg   reg_asym_uslumi_detavg
reg_asym_uslumi1_avg     reg_asym_uslumi1_avg
reg_asym_uslumi3_avg     reg_asym_uslumi3_avg
reg_asym_uslumi5_avg     reg_asym_uslumi5_avg
reg_asym_uslumi7_avg     reg_asym_uslumi7_avg
reg_asym_uslumi15_dipole reg_asym_uslumi15_dipole
reg_asym_uslumi37_dipole reg_asym_uslumi37_dipole
reg_bcmdd12              reg_bcmdd12
